Zsolt/eslint and readme (#1221)
Chia-Network/chia-blockchain-gui: README.md

2. Run the `sh install-gui.sh` as instructed in the previous step. This will clone the chia-blockchain-gui under chia-blockchain repo.
3. Run `npm run dev:gui`

**When developing, please:**

- Only edit the code with the **Vscode editor**.
- Always have **chia-blockchain-gui opened as a root folder in the Vscode** and not chia-blockchain, or chia-blockchain-gui/packages/... Failing to do so will result in incorrect auto linting and auto formatting which would not go trough the CI quality checks.
- When you open the repo in the vscode, click on "**Install recommended plugins**" pop-up.
- To develop in testnet, please follow [these steps](https://github.com/Chia-Network/chia-blockchain/wiki/How-to-connect-to-the-Testnet).
- Please write tests for your code
- When adding a new NPM package, please **pin down the package version**. This is done to lower the possibility of supply chain attacks.
- When disabling an eslint rule, please provide a reason after two dashes (--), example:

  `// eslint-disable-next-line react-hooks/exhaustive-deps -- Some dependencies intentionally left out`

## Git workflow

- Git branch from "**main**"

> - For Chia employees: **prefix your branch with your name**, like this: `yourName/what-it-the-code-about`. This helps with old branches cleanup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For Chia employees: **prefix your branch with your name**, like this: `yourName/what-is-the-code-about`. This helps when cleaning up old branches.
```
